#45 Request to improve the doc about fluentd buffer config and memory usage (#396)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/integrations-in-rancher/logging/custom-resource-configuration/outputs-and-clusteroutputs.md

title: Outputs and ClusterOutputs
---

> For the full details on configuring `Outputs` and `ClusterOutputs`, see the [Banzai Cloud Logging operator documentation.](https://banzaicloud.com/docs/one-eye/logging-operator/configuration/output/).

Author: ```suggestion
See the [Banzai Cloud Logging operator documentation](https://banzaicloud.com/docs/one-eye/logging-operator/configuration/flow/) for the full details on how to configure  `Flows` and `ClusterFlows`.
```

> For memory problems with the logging buffer, see [Rancher Integration with Logging Services: Troubleshooting](../pages-for-subheaders/logging.md#Troubleshooting).

Reviewer: Are there plans to add more entries around memory issues with the buffer under `Troubleshooting`? If not, we could link to the subsection directly.

Author: Updated the links to point to the subsection
